and
Hello I am and I am rick
welcome to lego sports we have one
exciting program for you can be so
say
a shipment of the top packed
with the best outdoor device but that
is enough in our new one
There is a lot of interactive broadcasting
to report
click through the show to yours
to tie favorite events
the can answer you're a
expert how high the record of baskets
how a single player threw 28
The answer is unfortunately not correct
resourcehouse as we call for
davy and alex or that's right
Often I have to be a snowboarder at one
540 years he turns one and a half years
two times an answer is not right
on what, of course, that does not mean you
nothing next to it
now it's hard which
top speed has been up so far
a snowboard reaches 160 kilometers
200 kilometers per hour per hour
240 kilometers per hour how high is
the record of baskets is the only one
player threw 228
can answer that is so
expert
which eleven players is a cousin of
nba allstar player and former
Rookie of the year in the hkx totally wrong
and sport two answers are right you
I know four times about sports
Again, all questions are correct
answer
lexus from how long could the
Record holder a football on his
head balancing three hours 8 hours
twelve hours
that was really hard the answer
it will be difficult now
what is the average
speed of the book at the shot
on the ice on the top 32 km per hour
80 kilometers per hour 160 km
How many times do I have to be a snowboarder?
a 540 he turns once and a half
Twice this is perfectly true
Two answers are correct and point
while trying a lot about sport again
answer all questions correctly